Mr. Gu
I can handle my own children's affairs by myself
Don't worry about it.
Yoyo, are you alright?
What are you fighting?
Hey, what's wrong is the stone.
It was Yoyo who pushed the stone down first
Why did Yoyo push the stone?
Everyone says I don't have a father
What's the matter, my son is right
It's not your fault that Yoyo doesn't have a dad
Remember who will attack you with this sentence in the future.
That's no tutoring
Who doesn't have a tutor?
My son saw Yoyo stealing something
Does he have a driving school?
That is.
Lian Yoyo stole Nian Nian's game console
Found it in the bag
funeral scourge
Mommy, I didn't steal anything
My child
I know Yoyo would never steal anything